






Generic problems:

Problem: Weapon level is missing in version 4.7

Solution: This is a bug and the level is present in the folder, if you upgrade to 4.8 or above it will appear in your project. 
Please note that the weapon level isn´t required in order to use any content.


LODs:

LODs have been fixed for Unreal 4.12 and the reason is that older Unreal versions doesn´t offer the same support. 
We recommend that you update to 4.12 or above in order to avoid problems. 
However, it´s still possible to import LODs into older versions but additional work may be required.

LODs have been fixed for skeletal meshes along the Y-axis, if you wish to use the LODs for X-axis you need to fix this in a 3D program.


Import:

Unzip the file with the LODs located under source files in your project folders. 
In order to import a LOD locate the weapon mesh (in your Unreal editor) that has the same name as the LOD you wish to import. 
Dubbleclick the mesh to open a new window and check that the mesh is rigged and pointing along the Y-axis. 
Under "Asset Details" locate "Import Settings" and make sure to select the following options:

Use TOAs Ref Pose
Preserve Smoothing Groups
Import Meshes in Bone Hierarchy
Transform Vertex to Absolute (this option isn´t available in older versions)
Import Normals and Tangents

Locate "LOD Settings" and select "Import LOD level 1" from the drop down menu. 
Select the file that have been named with "*_LOD1". 
Repeat this step for LOD2 but choose "Import LOD level 2" and the file that have been named "*_LOD2".

Under LOD0, LOD1 and LOD2 locate "LOD Info" and adjust the values to your liking. 
"Screen size" controls when Unreal switches between LOD:s.


Possible bugs:

Problem: Normals/tangents looks strange.

Solution: Make sure "Import Normals and Tangents" is checked when you import. 
The LODs have correct normals/tangents so this can only be a bug or an import/export problem.


Problem: Normals/tangents looks strange after re-importing a LOD or re-opening the project.

Solution: This is a bug that we have encounter in older versions, we are not aware of any solution and recommend an update to 4.12.


Problem: Material on a LOD is wrong.
(please note that you shouldn´t encounter this problem in version 4.12 or above)

Possible solutions:

First of all, try to identity the problem. 
Is the material missing, is the reference broken, is something corrupt for example. 
Older versions of Unreal are more sensitive regarding how a material is applied so you might need to change the material before you import it into Unreal.

Assign the correct material by selecting it from the drop down.

Open the LOD in a 3D-program and change the material name by adding "*_skin00","* _skin01", etc.
This controls how Unreal import materials.

Open the LOD in a 3D-program and change the material groups. 

















